1. Walk us through your development process as you worked on this project. How did you plan out the structure and design of it? Did you encounter any problems? And if so, how did you solve them? Are there any areas of your code that you're particularly proud of or want to point out?

First of all, I used React and Bootstrap in previous projects, so I decided to use them for this project as well. Since the core of the challenge was the profile, I decided to make a Profile component first. This firstly meant getting the GET API call to work so I could get all the attendee information. I then created a rough Profile component that simply displayed all of the information for any attendee type. Once that was done, I styled the Profile (originally in a CSS file, but then I switched over to styled-components), to make it look appealing. This took a while cause I wasn't exactly sure how I wanted the Profile to look, but after trying a couple of things, I settled on the current style as I thought it was minimal and easy to add additional features to it (if needed in the future). I also cleaned up the Profile component, creating additional components that could be reused (e.g. Button). Once that all worked, I created the Login component. After, I stitched Login and Profile together, resulting in what I currently have. I didn't run into any significant problems. Perhaps, if I added a few more of the additional features, I would have run into some issues. I am particularly proud of how each attendee type uses the same Profile component, as I generalized it, allowing different attendee types to be easily added. I also tried to replicate the style that is used in the current Hack the North site.

2. Given additional time, how would you extend your application to become a fully functional product that hundreds of volunteers would use at Hackathon Global Inc.™'s next event? 

One of the things I didn't get time to finish up was having currently displayed profile persist across refreshes, and also maintaining login information on refresh (i.e. a 'Remember Me' feature). These are things that I would add since it makes the entire application feel smoother when using it. I would also not make the login hardcoded, and instead, look for the credentials in the database (given that this had to work for hundreds of volunteers). The profile could also contain more things, such as links to the Hack the North page, contact information for volunteers to use if an issue occurs, and so on. This current version is more of a template of what this could be. Also, I didn't get a chance to implement a search feature. This could also be extended to see a list of all users, a list of all users of a certain attendee type, search by name or id, and even search by the QR code that is on the hackers and volunteers badges.
